"valid signature" -> "signature by a trusted key" (#7078)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/make-content-addressed.md

  ```console
  # nix copy --to /tmp/nix --trusted-public-keys '' nixpkgs#hello

>   cannot add path '/nix/store/zy9wbxwcygrwnh8n2w9qbbcr6zk87m26-libunistring-0.9.10' because it lacks a trustworthy signature

Author: ```suggestion
  cannot add path '/nix/store/zy9wbxwcygrwnh8n2w9qbbcr6zk87m26-libunistring-0.9.10' because it lacks a signature by a trusted public key
```
